

Master README file for Bioethics International.
-----------------------------------------------


This is the **master** repository consisting of all the projects. The projects focus on **Drugs@FDA**, **Ct.gov**, **Pubmed** and **Database automation**.
*The coding has been done in python 3/2 using **PyCharm**. Only the interface development for the database has been done using **PHP**.*

Details of all the files:
**NCTcrawler_beta.py:** Basic version: Crawls CT.gov API and writes the output in a CSV file.

**NCT_crawler_betav2.py:** Added certificate of delay

**NCTcrawler_betav3.py:** Added acronym and condition. 

**NCTcrawler_betav4.py:** First full beta with previously updated changes.

**NCTcrawler_betav5.py:** Merged certain modules into a single file.

**NCTcrawler_betav6.py:** Missing Org IDs will now be listed.

**NCTcrawler_betav7.py:** Minor updates on beta6.

**NCTcrawler_betav8.py:** Added 2015 drugs.

**NCTcrawler_betav9.py:** Minor changes in filter ordering.

**NCTcrawler_betav10.py:** User input experience enhanced. User entered Org ID can now be seen in the result set.

**NCTcrawler_betav10.1.py:** Percentage matching on Org IDs. 

**NCTcrawler_betav11.py:** ID permutation algorithm, coupled with ID and data matching filters.

**NCTcrawler_betav11.1.py:** Org ID matching coupled with start date filter.

**DB_update_beta1.py:** Database auto update - supports only Org ID for now.

**AACT.py:** Code to get publications from AACT.

**ReplAlgoBeta1.py:** Algorithm to deal with inconsistent Org IDs - First beta.

**ReplAlgoBeta2.py:** Algorithm performs permutation using last 3 characters of the Org ID.

**datacleaningBeta1.py:** Repairs Org IDs with missing dashes (-) and slashes (/).

**datacleaningBeta2.py:** Indexed with user input (FDA Org ID).

**ethics_new.py:** Calculates ethics score for a certain drug.

**ethics_newV1.py:** Minor tweaks to previous version.

**pubmed_beta1.py:** Crawls the pubmed API (Biopython library) and gets the required data.

**pubmed_beta2.py:** Minor fixes to first version.

**pubmed_beta3.py:** Stability improvements.

**PMCstage1.py:** Gets IDs from europePMC.

**PMCstage2.py:** Gets full text for the research papers from europePMC.

**PageIncrementAlgorithm.py:** Crawls the CT.gov API and puts the output directly into the database.

**Interface folder:** Contains files coded in PHP, generating an interface for the BEI master database.

**FDA Folder:** Contains files coded in python; a crawler which crawls the FDA summary files and obtains possible FDA Org IDs. Input files must be in the following format to the code: Any FDA summary files for that drug, converting in a txt format.

**SQL Procedures folder:** Consists of different procedures which help in calculating the FDA1, 2 and Ethics 1, 2 Score. This also consists a file called DB_process.pages which contains information regarding the tables generated by each of these procedures. Execute the procedures in the order specified in the tables. For instance, in order to calculate Ethics 2 score, start with e2reg and end with e2final.

